[Music]
so I've already walked it but guess
where I am
I'm visiting so exciting that's cool yes
yes because Eric has been traveling the
world for a while for a while all right
one three months more hangs hopefully we
both go out of town so much but
hopefully there will be more hangs I
brought sweet green of course and it's
Eric's first time eating sweet green
it's so good delicious so good so I am
back in New York City and it feels great
it's awesome to see Eric's new apartment
now I am on his roof
Sam oh my gosh just look at this you and
look so you walk out here take the
corner BAM look at that
it's it's the frickin Empire State the
Empire State is in your backyard like
when I wake up in the morning I look and
see that how crazy is that oh my gosh
I'm honestly I'm trying not to hate Eric
right now wow wow wow wow they're behind
the bush on that damn building no
they're good there go oh my gosh so
what's doing parkour guys Oh oh my god
we're just chilling out here on the roof
someone is like running on the roof and
doing parkour where she has like a sword
he has like a stick that he's using as a
sword what's up think like this is what
we're looking at he is like right on
here oh yes it is cold and rainy but I
am so I love travelling love it love it
love it but I feel like I am my happiest
self when I'm in New York City if I was
rich I would I would move all of all of
you guys the Peachy fam up to New York
City if it would just be to be our
little island but I was actually kind of
scared to come back to here to this
apartment main reason is because of mess
mess boxes so many boxes we got this guy
that still needs to go up I've been
going out of town quite a bit and it
makes getting my apartment perfect
slightly difficult cuz I just have boxes
coming at all times I still have things
that I want to do to it I've been living
here for months and months and months
but you're not familiar with me I like
my creative spaces so I basically you
know I work out of my apartment and so
there's always these little things that
I want to do to it to take it to the
next level or do to my desk I have a
documentary show called creative spaces
TV it lives on this YouTube channel if
you haven't checked it out yet you need
to check it out
but honestly half of the desire to make
that came out of just having a love for
spaces and for creative spaces in how
people design their their spaces and how
to make them the most functional and the
other half is of course learning from
amazing creative geniuses and getting to
hear about their process but with all
that said I it's a continual process of
getting my space in the works so I
bought some stuff today first thing I
got are some of those like floating
shelves floating white shelves or I'm
obsessed with The Container Store I
don't know what it is about containing
things but all things like office and I
just love it ignore those clothes on
that beautiful chair looks terrible but
I wanted to do something with this and
hanging cameras just looks dumb so the
idea is gonna put up these shelves have
some like shelf shelf shelf coffee table
books like a little film camera just
some little knickknacks that leads me to
the second thing I got so I walked into
the photo video I was like what is the
cheapest film camera you got it's just
gonna sit on a Ledge just for decoration
but then I was convinced okay it would
be kind of cool to actually buy a legit
film camera and maybe though shoot shoot
some cool film pictures cuz I'm hip and
happening right so I bought this it's
like I feel like this film camera is
like the film camera that everyone has
see like how pretty it is it's the Canon
AE one it's a very classic classic film
camera lots of people lots people have
this I also bought just classic 50
millimeter 1.8 man this is exciting I've
I've never shot with a film camera it
almost seems like a new a brand new
hobby to embark upon it looks like I
live in the jungle right now
I have all my plants right here I bought
some white spray paint because a lot of
stuff in my apartment is white and some
things aren't white that I want white so
white spray paint and then these are
kind of the cherry on the top for
apartment stuff they are the Wi-Fi light
bulbs that I have talked to you about
before if you don't remember in previous
vlogs I was like strobing out to the
strobing lights now you did two more I'm
gonna put them also in the lamps I have
around because even though the lighting
is fine for overhead there are spots my
apartment that are dark so this will
really help to control the hue of every
single light bulb in my apartment that
will help with filming and lighting for
filming because the color of your bulb
really doesn't matter that much as long
as every single light bulb in the room
is shooting in is the same like color
temperature and so the fact that you can
control the color temperature of these
bulbs are so clutch oh I am getting so
pumped for a New York City apartment
tour cuz I feel like it's close they say
that bad we'll see well okay then
tonight is going to be a turn tonight of
editing Oh
cleaning gettin ish done maybe III will
answer an email or two who knows
at the Google offices with my friend
Ryan girls we met via Twitter yesterday
I was on Eric's roof and it blew my mind
I've been back in New York for two days
and I've been doing more roof hopping
and since I moved here but this roof is
insane
so I'm at the Google this is this is the
Google roof y'all ready for this are you
ready
des
[Music]
dark outside
to hang at Google
company culture there it is so rad but
now it's only 4:30 and it just seems
gotta make a run too low this is what I
need
so it is 7:48 I figured it's a better
time to start drilling holes into the
wall than 11 p.m. last night
sorry neighbors this is as hardcore
adulting as it gets
fan shelves exciting stuff lovely new
york city apartment it's about time
sorry from living here for like six
months
don't day visiting Google and just
qualities New York City views in the
Seine I fall in love with the city
every every single time here like that
lift rider that uber ride home and you
see the New York skyline and you're just
like I live there I live there I yes yes
today I also had a lot of meetings that
were very exciting if you don't know I
have a thing called the Adobe Creative
residency basically where Adobe pays you
a salary for a year so you can just go
and create create create create and
that's the only thing that matters
amazing right and that is finished in
April and so there are a lot of things
that are in the works right now for you
know what I want to accomplish in the
next few months and there's things that
you know right after the residency post
residency them I'm excited about and
then there's things that you know are in
my mind that I am brainstorming getting
exciting for that are like a year ahead
into the future a year two years and
it's ah it's cool a lot of the things I
want to accomplish things I want to do
terrify me but you know you want to take
big leaps and bounds in life you got it
you got to do some stuff that scares you
every now and then so thumbs up for all
this adulting how about that shelf
am i right anyways I will see you guys
every Monday Wednesday Friday for a new
video until next time stay peachy okay
bye
Jessica I took
I've been to Disneyworld before I've
never been to Disneyland
spirits are high we're a hot minute but
just look at this
[Music]
just look at the